# _HELP!_

### Concept
_HELP!_ is a series of character-driven vignettes following the day-to-day experiences of tech support workers. Each vignette gives insight to what goes on behind the scenes for those who keep people up and running. Readers will learn about the tasks and techniques tech support workers employ to serve their customer bases. Alongside the more light technical side, the stories in _HELP!_ will introduce readers to a cast of colorful characters, whose personalities will be key to the flavor of this series.

### Characters

- **Robert "Marv" George** - A fairly easy-going man in his early 40s. Master of small talk. Not the most technically minded, but fully capable at getting the job done. Has worked in tech support for a about a decade and a half, and is the most senior member of the Help Desk, but his experience often does more to show his age than expertise. Is considered to be a kind of a team lead through tenure alone. Gets along well with others, is quite charismatic, but becomes very short tempered when frustrated. 
- **Isaiah Allenbach** - One of the most technical members of the help desk. Early 20s. Formerly Amish, he left his community after gaining an interest in all things technology during rumspringa, eventually pursuing a career in IT. He is a habitual tinkerer and often leads the team to finding new solutions to issues that pop up. He is very outgoing and has an eccentric personality.
- **Clint Freiling** - The Network Operator on the Help Desk, tasked with monitoring all production systems and coordinating relevant team members when things go down. Former military in his late 40s. Brash and playful, but deadly serious at times. Enjoys playing the role of mentor, though his rough-around-the-edges personality means most don't take his advice seriously. Somewhat of an 'older brother' figure to the rest of the Help Desk staff.
- **Kieran Watts** - The youngest member of the team. More knowledgeable about IT systems than anyone else on the team. A prankster. Enjoys meddling with other members' systems. Lacks confidence as a result of his inexperience, and is quite introverted most of the time. He is both feared and respected by the rest of the team for his expertise, but his impish ways often make him seen as more pest than presence. 
- **Matt Smith** - Newest member of the team. Late 20s. Jokey and relateable. Has technical history through computer enthusiast hobbies, but is entry level in his professional IT carreer. Self-proclaimed as 'normal' and cannot help but see the oddities of his team members. Functionally serves as the bridge between the reader and the fiction, learning the ropes alongside the reader.
- **Jason Alexander** - Looks nothing like the famous actor. Shares some similarities with his characters. Late 30s. Long time friend of Marv, having worked together at their previous job. Has a short temper, but is actually quite soft-hearted underneath. Has little patience for inadequacy and bureaucracy, but will often ask for help with simple questions.
- **Dallas Hampton** - Largely inadequate. Early 30s. Is more often wrong than not. Overconfident and a bit too self-assertive. Not well liked by the rest of the team. His behavior is often a source of humor for the rest of the team, though he is rarely the butt of a joke, out of courtesy.
- **Noah "Hot Todd" Knight** - The intern. Joins the team later in the story. An attractive college athlete. Somewhat of a golden retriever who doesn't take things too seriously and is just along for the ride. Dallas mishears his name and calls him Todd for a while. Eventually joins the team as a full-time employee without anyone realizing. Is often the butt of a joke.

### Narrative Structure

Chapters are largely episodic, with each story largely being capable of standing alone. There is a general chronology to the events, but it is not important outside of the beginning and end. Early chapters will focus on introducing the reader to the characters, one or two at a time. Later chapters will explore the interactions between the Help Desk team members, as well as their interactions with end users. The series will be something like a novelized sitcom. The stories will be told through the lens of Matt Smith. 